Update Embedded explorer docs with config option changes (#369)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/explorer/embed-explorer.mdx

</td>
<td>

> By default, the embedded Explorer uses the includeCookies connection setting of your variant in studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the embedded Explorer uses your variant's **Include cookies** setting, which you configure from the _non_-emedded Explorer in Studio.
```
